listen stranger things has been able to
convince people that product placements
are easter eggs and I don't know whether
to be upset or impressed because you see
your stranger things has never really
appealed to me because I'm more of a
90's kid I've been waiting for that
resurgence ended up getting something
else unexpected but seeing the success
of stranger things has been insane
considering how it's a lot of it is
really a giant Oh much I almost wonder
how the creators of the original images
feel about Netflix going green and
altering the original Leste and logic
does ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
that's the way there's ghosts are those
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding that little bit of change
it's not the same it's not the same it's
not the same I've been calling it the
Greta Van Fleet of Netflix because well
it is a lot of copying it's still fun to
watch let me explain
so if you don't know anything about
stranger things season one finds a group
of friends in the 80s telling you the
entire plot of the season while playing
D&D
there's a lab below their town that
opens up a rift to the upside down where
a monster comes out and snatches lo will
luckily the boys get a new friend in
exchange who they don't even bother to
given you name
they literally shorten her experiment
number down to L she has superpowers she
defeats the Silent Hill demagogue in the
show's ahead and Netflix starts pumping
out more original content cuz these are
almost gone
season two introduces new characters
still has well shook and if you thought
there was no justice for Barban season
one well my boy Bob is getting added to
that list actually like season two the
most out of the bunch because of the
pairing of certain characters how
they're able to subvert their
stereotypes give four puffs of the
Farrah Fawcett spray right yeah
Farrah Fawcett you tell anyone I just
told you that and your ass is grass
you're dead I understand you understand
yep and then Episode seven happens which
is just a long our pitch to see if we
wanted these spin-offs naw come on no
way
of course they save the day and then it
leads us to season three which is a
Coquette
[Music]
I was at an H&M right before the season
had come out and I saw an entire wall
being dedicated for stranger things
Burger King had the audacity to sell
upside-down whoppers only at certain
locations and the list is never-ending
Levi is using 30 year old denim for
their jeans Baskin Robbins has 80s
flavors every shoe brand has a collab
going on JC Penney was fighting with gap
for screen time they got Hasbro
re-release in games and then there's
good ol crisp and refreshing coke legit
with all the marketing a product plays
and that was going on I was legit
expecting Hopper to reappear at the end
going it's awful cold fall into this in
all honesty though as much as I want to
call it out you know if it's perfectly
with the story like the Mongoose collab
of course they're always riding bikes
all the characters have to wear shoes
they're underage will they have to wear
jeans and then using new coke as a
metaphor for how some like the original
while others prefer the remake is such a
cocky flex that I can't even criticize
it how do you even drink that because
it's delicious
what it's like carpenters to thing the
original is the classic no question
about it but the remake
sweeter bolder better you're insane
so you prefer the original thing what no
I'm not talking about the thing I'm
talking about new coke it's the same
concept dude uh actually it's not the
same concept it is the same concept no
it's not yes if we don't what get your
money I'm not saying it deserves awards
and stuff it's very ready player one but
Netflix has created this product that is
entertaining while at the same time a
money machine so in the words of Lord
Amy Pascal if it works for everyone it's
gonna work for everyone that said that
season three was okay like HBO Rocky and
Fox everyone's out for the Russians is
here for some reason cuz they got him
playing nothing but bad guys everyone's
in that awkward stage that's so cringy
we got a middle school relationship I
don't want to see in real life cuz
Millie Bobby Brown looking like Manny
Bobby Brown poor Mike over here has less
than a quarter to his name trying to
keep up a relationship and I only have
like three dollars and fifty cents oh
it's hard super hard
it's expensive the thing with Millie is
that she is deaf the girl who looked
through your phone cuz she's ignoring
that the Lord said Saturday's for the
boys and keeps on spying on them as
they're chillin and the same goes for
these other two while again poor little
will just wants to play D&D I dumped
your ass now can we play DMD No
guys it's ready well not right now they
broke up with you what else is there to
talk about what my cool name I have seen
into the future and I've seen that today
is a new day a day three of girls the
best-looking one in the cast is getting
under people's skin since the upside
down is like the best star and it'll
never go away no matter how many times I
destroy it but what I love doing in the
middle of each season of stranger things
is just noticing all of the full-grown
adults around Hawkins who have no idea
that their lives are being salvaged by
13 year olds how many children are you
friends with I know there's a lot of
debate between who the best character is
on the show but Ethan Hawke and OMA
Thurman have given us the new Timothy
sha'lame and Maya Hawke was easily the
best part of season three for me you're
all so nerdy it makes me physically ill
no no no no don't lump me in with them
I'm not a nerd all right hopper exits
the season since he was training for
Hellboy and the kids again saved the
season
now just kidding they're gonna go back
to the same old death star again I feel
like a lot of the enjoyment of the show
relies on your nostalgia and maybe
that's why it doesn't fully work for me
you know I've seen terminator I've seen
aliens
I guess if anything stranger things is
doing a better version than those
follow-ups are and it's in 4k but that's
why it's so easy to sneak product
placement in there because while it's
setting the mood in the era you don't
even know what's selling your product
the fact is he's the sponsor and you
signed a contract guaranteeing him
certain concessions one of them being a
spot on the show that's where I see
things just a little differently
contractor no I will not bow to any
sponsor like remember house Szechuan
sauce was brought back after it was
mentioned on Rick and Morty because
people then wanted it they created a new
sauce for the McNuggets called Szechuan
sauce and it's delicious and for what it
is you know it's like they just said we
know that this is gonna be a gimmick and
a novelty and we don't have to put any
attention into how it tastes as people
are gonna buy it anyway
well here they had the pre-orders out on
you coke before the show at even air and
reminder New Coke was a big failure in
the 80s so I don't know if it's a cool
thing that Coke was willing to go back
and focus in on that or if there's that
conspiracy about how new coke was just a
way for coke to rebrand the original
formula as coca-cola classic and then
that boosted their sales Oh no but I
used to really hate product placement
like it would take me out of the movie
and I would just think about how many
times the company had sent them
Corrections or stipulations on how their
product need to be shown you know I hate
when it interrupts drama or a funny
conversation and I guess considering
that the best Nike billboards are us
when we wear their logos it makes sense
that in the 80s there'd be all this
advertisements everywhere so I don't
mind that if it meshes with the story is
there one too many clean non dented coke
labels front and center
sure is the Twitter marketing ironic
considering that star court mall was
causing mom-and-pop shops to go out of
business dude agreed yeah but at the end
of the day the show is all about the
friends we
how long though capitalism thank you
guys for checking out this video I'm
curious know your thoughts down below in
the comment section like I said it's not
for me I'm not gonna overly hate on the
show but I I know people like it I've
got every season it's it's fun to kill
the time but I'm curious to know what is
it about the show that you love more
than that when it compares to all of the
things that it'll modulus to you it's
like Matt this is the one that I like
because it's very interesting to see how
many Easter eggs they put in there if
you check on their Twitter they have a
stranger things writers Twitter page
thing and they have all of these Easter
eggs that they had mentioned to the
point that it was this long thread I
almost are wondering the job right like
what original page for this it almost
feels like everything is just in a lodge
but considering that they're going year
by year it'd be interesting to see if
they eventually get to the 90s you know
since they are heading that way I also
did love the Phoebe Cates mention which
we had mentioned the podcast if you want
to check it out right here we did a
whole thing with Taylor Williams who you
should also check out his video but it
was interesting to see how like Phoebe
Cates back in the day was our Alexandra
Daddario that's interesting I'm also
curious did anyone notice this in
episode 4 cuz like right though I
thought my TV fell like this for like 15
minutes I know what's going on there
however I'm curious to know your
thoughts on stranger things season 1 2 3
who your favorite character is what your
theories are for the future someone told
me they might be time-traveling nah I'm
out if that's the case let me know your
thoughts don't forget to comment like
and subscribe send you a new coke